Extracted text from 2 pages:
--- Page 1 ---
DEPARTMENTOFTRAINING&PLACEMENT
KALINGAINSTITUTEOFINDUSTRIALTECHNOLOGY(KIIT)
DEEMEDTOBEUNIVERSITY,BHUBANESWAR(ODISHA)
No.KIIT-DU/T&P/25/ Date:20thMarch’2025
Kind Attenn : 2026 Graduating B.Tech (All Branches) Students
This is to inform all the above students that Bain & Company is conducting it’s Fifth Editions
of “BrAINWARS 2025– BCN Case Study Competition”.
Interested students are directed to REGISTER in the link given below on or before 23RD
March’2025 by 4 .00 PM to participate for the same.
https://survey.eu.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_8lay2lyrscf3f9Q
Eligibility Criteria : No Backlogs in B.Tech
Participation Requirements :
 In teams, only (4 members each from the same college/batch) are invited to submit
their application by completing the above-shared form link.
 One team member can fill out the form on behalf of the remaining team members.
What is BrAINWARS?
BrAINWARS is BCN’s case study competition designed for selected undergraduate campuses
where the participants get a chance to experience the real consulting environment by
analyzing and solving live case study problems along with the mentorship of the Bainies. The
competition allows the participants to make their learning experience more realistic by
challenging themselves to think in a problem-solving direction.
How many rounds are there in the competition?
There will be three rounds in the competition and each round will be an elimination round.
Round 1 : Application screening followed by Hypothesis generation and market macros
basis the problem statement given.
Round 2: Hypothesis deep-dive and recommendations with participation in mentorship
sessions (top teams only); specially curated whereeach team will be
aligned with Bainies for analysis and guidance for the finale round.
Round 3 : Shortlisted teams to present their case recommendations to the BCN judging
panel.
What benefits do the participant teams receive?
 Get a sneak peak in the world of consulting and additionally get an insight into Bain’s
challenging andexciting world.
 Opportunity to network with Bainies and receive mentorship.
 Compete to bag the most coveted PPI (Pre-Placement Interview) opportunity secured
by winning team (only) via this competition.
 The winning and runner’s up team will receive exciting prizes, goodies and certificates
of achievement.
 Selected top teams will receive certificates for participation.
--- Page 2 ---
Prof. (Dr.) Prachet Bhuyan
Professor & Dean(T&P), KIIT-DU
NB: BrAINWARS 2025_Frequently Asked Questions is attached for your reference.